Decrypt both stages of
Cry-Rijndael-groupXY.hex


The keys for AES algorithm is(?rst 24
bits of the key): A11457 

The keys for mono-alphabetic substitution
algorithm is: EKLPYQRBGJDWTCAXZSNIFVHMOU

Submition of the resulting plain text is:


PREFACE.  
  
This work is called the Critique of Practical Reason, not of the  
pure practical reason, although its parallelism with the speculative  
critique would seem to require the latter term. The reason of this  
appears sufficiently from the treatise itself. Its business is to show  
that there is pure practical reason, and for this purpose it  
criticizes the entire practical faculty of reason. If it succeeds in  
this, it has no need to criticize the pure faculty itself in order  
to see whether reason in making such a claim does not presumptuously  
overstep itself (as is the case with the speculative reason). For  
if, as pure reason, it is actually practical, it proves its own  
reality and that of its concepts by fact, and all disputation  
against the possibility of its being real is futile.  
  
With this faculty, transcendental freedom is also established;  
freedom, namely, in that absolute sense in which speculative reason  
required it in its use of the concept of causality in order to  
escape the antinomy into which it inevitably falls, when in the  
chain of cause and effect it tries to think the unconditioned.  
Speculative reason could only exhibit this concept (of freedom)  
problematically as not impossible to thought, without assuring it  
any objective reality, and merely lest the supposed impossibility of  
what it must at least allow to be thinkable should endanger its very  
being and plunge it into an abyss of scepticism.  
  
Inasmuch as the reality of the concept of freedom is proved by an  
apodeictic law of practical reason, it is the keystone of the whole  
system of pure reason, even the speculative, and all other concepts  
(those of God and immortality) which, as being mere ideas, remain in  
it unsupported, now attach themselves to this concept, and by it  
obtain consistence and objective reality; that is to say, their  
possibility is proved by the fact that freedom actually exists, for  
this idea is revealed by the moral law.
